docs: Cloud Functions using Dart Analysis doc (#1266)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/docs/03_using_dart_in_the_firebase_cloud_functions.md

### Feasibility study

> A preliminary study of the feasibility of implementing this feature.

Using Firebase Cloud Functions for metrics calculations opens the possibility to reduce usage and document reads.

Also, it allows us to write Cloud Functions using Dart programming language.

### Landscape

> Look for existing solutions in the area.

#### The `firebase-functions-interop` package

The first solution is to use the [firebase-functions-interop](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_functions_interop) package. It is a Firebase Cloud Functions SDK for Dart, written as a JS interop wrapper for official Node.js SDK.

Pros:
 - Implemented wrappers for a major part of Firebase features, such as `functions.firestore`, `functions.auth`, etc.
 - Has good documentation for getting started.

Cons:
 - Not an official Firebase package.
 - Rare package updates.
 - No functionality for the Firebase Remote Config and Analytics.

#### The `functions_framework` package

An open source FaaS (Function as a Service) framework for writing portable Dart functions.

Pros:
 - Active evolve with frequent updates.

Cons:
 - Not an official Firebase package.

>  - Undocumented way of interaction with the Cloud Firestore functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Does not have a documented way of creating Cloud Firestore functions using this framework.
```

#### Decision

We've considered and analyzed the described above packages and chose the `firebase-functions-interop`, as it satisfies our [goals](#feasibility-study). 

### Prototyping

> Create a simple prototype to confirm that implementing this feature is possible.

> To test that the package is working we've registered a Firestore trigger using the `onCreate` method provided by the `firebase-functions-interop` package that fires every time new data is created in the Cloud Firestore specified collection.
> 
> ```dart
> import 'package:firebase_functions_interop/firebase_functions_interop.dart';
>     
> functions['ourCloudFunctionName'] = functions.firestore.document('/collection/{documentId}').onCreate(onCreateEventHandler);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's consider an example of registering a new Cloud Firestore `onCreate` trigger using the `firebase-functions-interop` package: 

```dart
import 'package:firebase_functions_interop/firebase_functions_interop.dart';
    
functions['incrementCounter'] = functions.firestore.document('/documents/{documentId}').onCreate(onCreateEventHandler);
```
What do you think?

```

> As the `onCreate` handler, we've registered a `onCreateEventHandler` function, that increments a counter value in the different Firestore collection of the created documents, using the Firestore transaction.
> 
> ```dart
> function onCreateEventHandler(DocumentSnapshot snapshot, _) {
>     final ref = await snapshot.firestore.collection('collection').document('documentId');
> 
>   return snapshot.firestore.runTransaction((transaction) async {
>     return transaction.get(ref).then((doc) {
>       
>       ... // get and increment counter
> 
>       transaction.update(ref, updatedCounter);
>     });
>   });
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we've registered a new `onCreate` trigger, let's review the trigger function itself. The following function increments the counter in the `aggregation/documents` document once the new document created in the `documents` collection: 

```dart
function onCreateEventHandler(DocumentSnapshot snapshot, _) {
    final ref = await snapshot.firestore.collection('documents').document('documentId');

  return snapshot.firestore.runTransaction((transaction) async {
    final ref = 'aggregation/documents';
    return transaction.get(ref).then((doc) {
      
      ... // get and increment counter

      transaction.update(ref, updatedCounter);
    });
  });
}
```
Does it make sense? Also, would it be great to provide a full code snippet of the `onCreateEventHandler`?

```

> 

Reviewer: Would it be great to explain the example function deployment process here?
